Document the pytest_xdist_auto_num_workers hook (#791)
pytest-dev/pytest-xdist: docs/distribution.rst

To send tests to multiple CPUs, use the ``-n`` (or ``--numprocesses``) option::

    pytest -n auto

This can lead to considerable speed ups, especially if your test suite takes a
noticeable amount of time.

With ``-n auto``, pytest-xdist will use as many processes as your computer
has CPU cores.
Pass a number, e.g. ``-n 8``, to specify the number of processes explicitly.

To specify a different meaning for ``-n auto`` for your tests,
you can implement the ``pytest_xdist_auto_num_workers``
`pytest hook <https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/how-to/writing_plugins.html>`__
(a function named ``pytest_xdist_auto_num_workers`` in e.g. ``conftest.py``)

> that returns the number of workers ``-n auto``.

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by `-n auto` at the end of this sentence... or did you mean to end with `returns the number of workers.`?

Author: Thanks for the catch!
```suggestion
that returns the number of processes to use.
```
